what is up hambone here and i am
bringing you another last was
multiplayer strategies video in the
topic of today's strategies video is the
machete now i know i said bring this
video to you earlier this week but i
ended up switching its place with the
flamethrower video because the machete
had some inconsistencies that i want to
work out with it and i wanted to make
sure that i had them corrected and knew
what the machete could actually do and i
pretty sure I figured them out now so
I'm now going to go over some pros and
some cons with the machete and I
hopefully will be able to get my point
across with this weapon because it is a
bit of a dual sided sword when you use
it because there are some good
advantages but there are some really bad
disadvantages to it as well so the first
advantage to this weapon is that it is
the fastest swinging melee weapon in the
game this means that if you're in a
fight with someone who is a two by four
and you're both at max health and they
don't have the upgraded to buy for you
will always win that fight this also
means that when you're up against
someone of course is just punching you
you will always win that fight if you're
about to for help now the next advantage
of this weapon is without a doubt the
most important advantage of this weapon
and that is it is always a two-hit down
when you run into someone who's at full
health and this means that there's
always a two-hit down when they don't
have our own and when they do have armor
home is always a two-hit down and this
was the inconsistency factor i was
wearing about cuz i never could tell if
it was always a to hit down on people
have armor but it has never took me more
than two it's two down someone that had
armor so i'm going to say it is always a
to hit down on people who have armor
which is really cool it's really quick
at taking people down armor at close
range so that is the biggest advantage
to this weapon and that i doubt the most
important but there are some huge
disadvantages to this weapon the first
being that it only has two hits on it
meaning that you can own down one person
with it really more than likely before
it breaks
which is kind of bad and it really
brings up to the next disadvantage of it
to why this weapon is really bad is the
amount that calls for loadout points
this weapon is not worth the way it is
now for loadout points there are some
things that think they could do to make
it worth for loadout points or make it
worth maybe three I think it's worth
about two right now the same as the
flamethrower but I'll go with those
later but you know it's definitely not
worth for loadout points it's calico you
know it's a weapon that if you're going
to use it it better be because you want
to use the machete not because it's a
good weapon because it's not worth
before loadout points at all it's not
worth taking you know away from other
things in your class and then next
disadvantage is that it has no one hit
feature on it unless they're already
hurt and it has no instacool feature on
it which I think it should and I'm
saying this because the upgraded to buy
for can in stood on people and the
machete itself has no one hit feature
unless they're already hurt so getting
back to what I was saying earlier if you
were run to somewhere near both the full
health and they had to upgrade a two by
four and you had the machete you would
get a hidden with the machete if I was
fun at the same time but then you would
get one hit down by the two by four and
there would be nothing you could do
about that would happen and it sucks and
it's kind of crappy because even when
you have the upgraded machete which is
supposed to be the best melee weapon in
the game it still loses to and upgraded
to buy for so I really don't like that
at all it kind of upsets me but Nina
getting to my next point is maybe they
could do some things to make the machete
a little bit better the first of which
is being if they're going to leave the
machete the way it is now lower the cost
of it because it sure as hell is not
worth four points the way it is now
without a doubt it's not worth four
points but if they were going to leave
it at four if they're going to leave the
four I almost have to suggest they do
this they give it a shift function to
where it doesn't insta-kill when you
come up behind someone
I feel like they have to do that and
then make it to where instead of downing
people it just kills them that would
make it worth four points it would make
it a very deadly weapon and it would
make the four points worth it would
definitely make the four points worth it
in that case and that guy could see a
whole lot more people using the weapon
then because right now only time you
ever see someone used the machete is
when you see someone whose last person
left on the enemy team really so that's
when those are some main things they
could do I think to improve the weapon
but will they happen probably not but
going over this class rule quickly this
is just a load out that i use for the
machete when i try to use it as a main
weapon i had some success with this
class i had some games where i was doing
pretty good with it i did have to fall
back on the revolver quite a bit even
though I tried not to just because of
situations where i had the machete and
they were just too damn far away and
they wouldn't push me and I couldn't
push them because I didn't have any
armor so the revolver as our side arm of
course you know my personal favorite
side on the game and then our first part
is covert training 3 I really like this
with this class because the main reason
is the big not marked it's fine i really
like it that's me kind of i went with
cover training 3 also because i did like
that but the not being able to show up
on listen mode is really helpful when
you're using the machete because it's
also nice to be able to surprise people
with this so they're not expecting you
so maybe they don't come around the
corner with a shotgun or something
expecting you there and they just aim
and blow your face off so not being able
to shovel when people's listen mode is
great for when you're trying to use the
machete you need something to get close
to you without knowing you're there it's
really awesome and you start with the
Shiv which is nice too so the next part
is brawler too I like brawler too
because it does add an additional hit to
it besides the two that brawler one adds
you know get three additional hits
giving you five total for the machete
which is really awesome and you also
gain back ten health each time you land
it hit with the machete which is nice in
itself too but I mainly want this
because I can upgrade machete to have
more hits which makes buying get more
useful
and our last park is marathon runner 1
and this is here because if you're
trying to use the machete as a main
weapon you're going to be in some sticky
situations where you need to run away as
fast as you can and marathon runner
helps with that and hopefully it will
prevent you from dying a couple times
but that's about it for this load out
this is just a simple loadout because I
there's no there's no really effective
way to use the machete as a main weapon
other than just hoping you don't get
shot or killed when your mailing someone
so with that being said I'm now going to
put up some clips for you to watch of me
using machete showing how cleat downs
and how it can work against armor so I
will see all over there in a second and
the clip coming up after this one is
actually pretty nasty as nice little
triple I got that involved using the
machete but I'm as usual if you like
this video thought it was helpful or
informative be sure to give the video a
like and then if you like videos like
this for the lasses be sure to subscribe
to my channel because I try to post a
video almost every day I usually don't
post on the weekends but I try to on
saturday at least so be sure to
subscribe to my channel at this type of
video or glasses videos interest you
because I try to post as often as I can
and as usual I hope you enjoy the rest
of your day